I have a new video and in this video I
I will show three applications that are in
this moment meana caught my attention
in this new update of them
were these applications let's start
with the first they kill each other with fans and
can
You can change this the colors of your
center notification notifications
spring spotlight medication center
spotlight can change the keyboard or
so can this be a color
everything for example I'm going to show it
This is faster because I have it in
purple in everything and it will show you here
also the spring edge I do not have if I already
which is a single color but also
we can be change to one more color like this already
that I have this color that I have chosen
we can see a little bit can be that a
66 change and change will change all the
excel I'm going to change the team everything
that what you are selected
And this is a new application that
I liked it's going to be something different for
let it be seen that our phone is
jailbreak that is called fans and other
application also that I would like is
this encourages in ibagué pro and this what
does it is that every gamification in
example if for example here I have a
message you can notice here the symbol of
kisses like here is the symbol of
the symbol of a rose you can
do that since since you can
change it can put the text
here you can for example
to put him we are going to put him
a gun and when I get a
indication on twitter I will get the
gun instead of telling me how many
notifications 12 normally comes out that
not for now I will leave aa
gun as you can see here from here in
facebook on facebook I have a rose of
messages I have a symbol of the kiss what
only that I do not like about this application
and that may be a little
You can get a little riled that
every time you want to open
this application will appear this
message
in tehran and texas every time you have to
to be the only one who will better me
I imagine in a new news now that
every time it's going to appear this was the only thing
that I do not like about this one of this
application but good is as I said
it's okay since something is something different
that maybe your friends or people
acquaintances go see it and basic look
let the different thing come out there where it
note that it has been done
or what is that the second the third is
there is madness
I imagine that you have had
had this
maybe they have in their phone the palac
screening maybe they have this
a land with a pad with a key to
enter the cup to open your iphone
good we are with this scum sorry
with this
but the con stella group is not going to be
necessary
to put a key on your black screen if it is
who do not want this application is
free is in syariah all this is in
serious that people who do not know that
Syria look for my videos there I have a
explanation then it has to be
sorry also something else to be your
we have trinitaria alberich then
these applications that is
teaching everything is in Syria and they have
that be your jailbreak phone
to be able to do it as I told them
he explains this this method that I have
it's free there's a pro where you have to
can do to the limit with limited I
this free is limited no more I can
do as 34 applications and already what
they saw a while ago when I teach them by
example I have facebook instead
I have an application here
there enters
that's another one that I have the messenger
as well
As I tell you, the only one I do not like
of that application to use that appears
every time I have twitter
I have
I do not have it but as I say it is
limited nothing more so not to this great
as well
because every one of you are going to do your
way of his way of putting everything in
put the key that you want and
they can change it also because it has
right here in this application they open it and
they change the way you want
these are the three applications since
if you do not want to that to your iphone already
can do this in the
in his
in its applications only
good now that these are the three
applications that I would like we go that
I like to show you also good
before another other more than I would like
that because they are wheelchair down he
It calls high dynamic and these applications
are are
screen backgrounds where you can
choose for example I have this can
choose these which are what I have
here
is the one of the hearing aids is a
application also very very good that I
liked since it has good good
good wallpapers to be able
put on your iphone and also make it
something different from the others and these are
the four applications with bond and
dynamic
to fans and in ibagué pro and also the cure
are the applications that I want me to
please, if you can see them and if they
like the comments and follow well
again follow me all the new ones
people on youtube as well
they lived
and we are not seeing in the next video
and that peace